It's morning...
Bell fell off the bed again...
C'mon, Hinata, why not?
Wake up, Bell.
Bell!
G'morning, Hinata.
Morning. I'll go make breakfast,
so you get changed.
Change...
A-at least wait until I leave the room!
Let's dig in!
It's been a week since Bell got here.
And I've gotten kinda used to living with her.
Alright, I'll be back later.
You're leaving me all by my lonesome again...
Well, I am a student, so...
Maybe you should try getting out
every once in a while, too.
Huh?
All you've done since you got here
is read books.
You haven't gone exploring.
I think you might learn more
by seeing some stuff in person.
Hm... you may have a point...
But the thing is, us elves...
We can be particularly sensitive to fluctuations
in the emotions and attitudes of living beings.
The nerve of that dark elf,
out in broad daylight...
Oh, look at that cute dark elf!
The nerve of that dark elf,
out in broad daylight...
Humans are complex.
The good feelings and the bad get
all jumbled up and flow right into us.
Sometimes it can even make us ill.
Bell...
I got pretty used to it when we
traveled as a party, but...
Can you give me just a little longer?
Of course. I'm sorry for trying to rush you.
And-by-the-way!
The feelings in your heart are
very compassionate and warm!
I could bask in them forever!
B-Bell! I'm gonna be late!
Okay, I'll check out some more
interesting books for you to read!
See you later!
Have a good day!
If she's going to live in this world,
it's important for her to
interact with people...
Hey, Sunohara.
But I can't go dragging her
out of the house if she isn't ready...
U-um, Sunohara?
Oh, my bad! I was kinda lost in thought...
You've been here a lot lately. Studying?
Well, this dark elf- er, I mean...
I have a friend visiting from overseas.
They mentioned wanting to
learn about Japan, so...
Huh...
"This is where humans of the same age
receive an education together."
Elven communities don't have that,
Let's Learn!
How Society Works
but I feel like there was something
similar in the larger human towns...
I need more Hinata Time.
Oh, I hope Hinata comes home soon!
I wonder what's for dinner tonight...
Hinata's cooking is so yummy!
Mm, but if I had the choice,
I'd rather taste Hinata...
Oh well.
Ta-da!
Bell's special Hinata talisman!
My precious Hinata.
What are you up to-
O-owie...
Sorry, Sunohara, are you oka-
I am so sorry!
After you went to the trouble of
helping me organize the books...!
I-it's fine. It was just an accident.
I admire you, Sunohara.
Always going out of your way to help people...
All I do is screw things up.
That's not true.
You put your all into everything.
I respect that about you.
Hey, Sunohara? Would you be interested in-
Crap! I'm going to miss the supermarket sale!
Gotta run, Mochida. See you tomorrow!
O-okay! See you tomorrow...
I'm home!
B-Bell? What's wrong?
Hinata...
Who was that woman?
Wh-which woman...?
The one who was sitting on top of you...
Are you talking about Mochida?
How did you know that-
A talisman? You were spying on me-?!
I LOVE you!
I'll make that woman pay...
That cutesy, "innocent as a lamb"
face of hers doesn't fool me...
Bell...?
...what I'll do.
Huh?
I'm going to go to school with you!
I won't let anyone have you!
What?!
That's right. There's no need to waste
my time being sneaky about it!
I'll crush anyone who comes near you
into pieces with my own two hands...
Hinata!
Y-yes?
Don't worry. I'll keep you safe.
If it gets Bell out of the house,
everything will be fine... hopefully.
But... I have a feeling things are
going to get complicated...
I-I'm from another world.
My name is Mariabell.
I-it's nice to meet you.
Whoa, she's an incredible cosplayer!
So cute!
Cosplay?
They're okay with that explanation?
Well, I'm glad you didn't have any issues
with the transfer process.
I know, right?
I wanted to avoid "brainwashing"
anyone if I could help it.
A disturbing choice of words...
Maybe I ought to just leave
well enough alone...
Anyways, Hinata...
Here, open wide!
B-Bell, this isn't an appropriate place to...
What? But if I do this, no one will
be tempted to flirt with you.
Flirt with me...?
I'd like you to make friends with
the people of this world, Bell...
I'm perfectly content as long as I have you.
She's as intense as ever...
C'mon, now!
E-excuse me, Sunohara...
Oh, Mochida.
About those books you
checked out the other day...
B-Bell! Uh, I'll introduce you.
This is Mochida, our library assistant.
Sakura Mochida.
I've heard a lot about you-
Bell?!
This is the ass that sat on Hinata's face...
Wh-what on earth are you doing?!
You used these curves to seduce Hinata.
Unacceptable...
S-seduce him?!
What are you talking about?!
Hinata belongs to me alone.
Please, no more...!
Anyone who dares come between
Hinata and me deserves to be-
BELL!
What you're doing isn't okay, Bell.
Y-you don't understand, Hinata.
That wasn't what I...
Stop it...
Please don't look at me like that!
I didn't mean it!
Ah, Bell! Wait-!
Bell...
I'm sorry, Hinata.
I was so terrified of her taking you away
from me that I acted without thinking...
The last thing I ever wanted was for you
to look so disappointed in me.
All I wanted was for Bell to get
a better feel for this world,
but I guess I shouldn't have-
M-Mariabell!
You?
Mochida...?
Mariabell, there's something
you and I need to discuss!
Discuss?
Look, if it's about what I did, I'm sorry-
Tell me, and be honest: Was that magic?!
I suppose so-
No way! So you weren't lying about
being from another world!
Um, actually, I've loved manga and
anime for my whole life,
and I've always imagined
how wonderful it'd be
if magic and all that
fantasy stuff were real!
I was afraid of telling my friends
since they might think it's cringe,
so I've kept quiet about it lately...
But when I saw you this morning,
I was so happy 'cause it's like,
"Ah, elves are real!"
Plus, you're gorgeous and
you've got beautiful hair and skin!
I just couldn't stop myself
from talking to you!
A-anyway...
Would you consider being my fwiend?!
...Is that a no?
I don't care if she is the hero's companion.
I'd never want to hang around
someone like her.
Did you just stutter? That's hilarious!
Huh?
I guess it's really not
that important anymore.
Just "Bell" is fine.
Nice to meet you, Sakura.
Yeah, nice to meet you!
Hey Bell, tell me more about
the world you came from!
Sure, but...
What's it like there?!
Uh-
What other kinds of magic can you use?!
Well, there's several-
What other races are there
aside from elves?!
Calm down.
O-oh, sowwy...
You remind me of a chipmunk.
A chipmunk? Sewiously...?
Well... I guess I'm just glad
she made a friend.